{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Design Proposal\ulnone  - \
Although keeping the structure of my design the same, I have made numerous changes which I describe below in a bullet-point fashion below:\
1. No changes have been made with the graph/histogram classes as I have not yet gotten to the UI / display portion of the project.\
\
2. RatingLoader class:\
-Removed String[]lines and Rating[]ratings as instance variables and moved them into the load method because they are only used in the load method. \
-Added \'91import java.io.File\'92 to allow for testing if the file exists. Because I\'92m using java.io.File I now have to load files using the file path. I will change this to make things easier/less cumbersome and confusing.\
\
3. RatingSet class:\
-Renamed function to get all ratings. This function allows for testing and will ultimately be used in creating the visuals.\
\
4. Trend class:\
-Added \'91import java.util.Date\'92 because I will be using the Date class instead of String date. \
\
5. TrendLoader class:\
Added: \
	-import.java.io.File;  to allow for testing if file exists\
	-import java.util.Date; for use of date class because I will be using Date for the date of Trend.\
	-import java.text.SimpleDateFormat;  to format the date\
	-import java.text.ParseException; exception to throw if the date format is incorrect (this will only apply/be used when I change trend date from String to type Date.\
-Removed String[]lines and Rating[]trends as instance variables and moved them into the load method because they are only used in the load method. \
\
5. TrendSet class:\
-Added .getAll() function to get all trends. This function allows for testing and will ultimately be used in creating the visuals.\
\
6. Tweet class:\
-Added \'91import java, util.Date\'92 to allow for use of Date class\
-Changed date from type String to type Date in order to reformat the date later on.\
\
7. TweetLoader class:\
Added:\
	-import processing.data.JSONArray; to allow for use/loading of JSON array\
	-import processing.data.JSONObject; to allow for use of JSON object\
	-import java.util.Date; to allow for use of date class b/c tweet date is type Date\
	-import java.text.SimpleDateFormat;  to allow for use of SimpleDateFormat to ultimately allow for reformatting of the date to keep it uniform across all data \
	-import java.text.ParseException; to allow for throwing exception when parsing date using SimpleDateFormat\
	-import java.io.File; to allow for testing if file exists\
-Removed JSONArray raw and Tweet[]tweets as instance variables and moved them into the load method because they are only used in the load method. \
\
8. Added a Tests class to include methods for testing data loading and ultimately for testing of entire program. In addition, I used the FakeNews_to_Ratings to call the methods from the Tests class.}